## Basics
### What are the system requirements of the program?
Android 4.0.3 (API 15) and above.

### Why are there two Castro apps?
There are two versions of Castro - Basic and Premium. Premium version has extra features, that doesn't available in basic version. The Premium version of Castro is a standalone application.

### What is the difference beetwen Basic and Premium version?
The Premium version enables such features:

* Customisable widget
* Night Mode

We are developing new Premium features for every update. Buy once, get it all!

### What will happen if I will change my device?
When you purchase Castro Premium, in Google Play, it will be assigned to your Google account. If you use the same Google account on a new or factory reset device, you will have access to all previous purchases.


## Permissions
### Network connections (ACCESS_WIFI_STATE, ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, INTERNET)
Used to connect to Castro analytics servers and to get information Wi-Fi.

### Phone state (READ_PHONE_STATE)
Used to get information about identifiers, like IMEI, IMSI and serial number. Also used to get information about cellular.

### Camera (CAMERA)
Used to get camera properties and camera mods information.

### Storage (WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE)
Used to save Castro reports on SD card and read information about internal and external memory.

## Abbreviations
### What is ICU?
ICU is a mature, widely used set of C/C++ and Java libraries providing Unicode and Globalization support for software applications. ICU is widely portable and gives applications the same results on all platforms and between C/C++ and Java software.

### What is ICU CLDR?
The Unicode CLDR provides key building blocks for software to support the world's languages, with the largest and most extensive standard repository of locale data available.

### What is OpenSSL?
OpenSSL is a software library to be used in applications/operating systems that need to secure communications against eavesdropping or need to ascertain the identity of the party at the other end.

### What is ZLib?
ZLib is a software library used for data compression.

### What is IMEI?
The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a number, usually unique, to identify 3GPP (i.e., GSM, UMTS and LTE) and iDEN mobile phones, as well as some satellite phones.

### What is IMSI?
The International Mobile Subscriber Identity or IMSI is used to identify the user of a cellular network and is a unique identification associated with all cellular networks. It is stored as a 64 bit field and is sent by the phone to the network.

### What is DSP?
A digital signal processor (DSP) is a specialized microprocessor (or a SIP block), with its architecture optimized for the operational needs of digital signal processing.

### What is NEON?
NEON technology can accelerate multimedia and signal processing algorithms such as video encode/decode, 2D/3D graphics, gaming, audio and speech processing, image processing, telephony, and sound synthesis by at least 3x the performance of ARMv5 and at least 2x the performance of ARMv6 SIMD.

### What is SWP?
The SWP instruction exchanges the low-order and high-order nibbles within the accumulator. No flags are affected by this instruction.

### What is Thumb?
Thumb is instruction set extension for optimized code to reduce memory footprint and improve performance.

### What is ICC Card?
A smart card, chip card, or integrated circuit card (ICC) is any pocket-sized card that has embedded integrated circuits.

### What is BSSID?
BSSID is the MAC address of the wireless access point (WAP) generated by combining the 24 bit Organization Unique Identifier (OUI, the manufacturer's identity) and the manufacturer's assigned 24-bit identifier for the radio chipset in the WAP.

### What is DHCP?
The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is a standardized network protocol used on Internet Protocol (IP) networks. The DHCP protocol is controlled by a DHCP server that dynamically distributes network configuration parameters, such as IP addresses, for interfaces and services.

### What is DNS?
The Domain Name System (DNS) is a hierarchical decentralized naming system for computers, services, or any resource connected to the Internet or a private network. It associates various information with domain names assigned to each of the participating entities.

## Not correct information
### Screen density
Screen density calculation can be wrong. Android can not define your real DPI, because it scales it to the nearest constant (120, 240, 360, 480, or 640).

### Battery capacity
Battery capacity can only be reported for factory default batteries. If the battery was replaced with an extended capacity battery, neither Android or Castro will be able to detect the new capacity.

### External memory
Castro can show similar values for External and Internal memory. It is caused by Android's SD card emulating. On the newer devices Android defines Internal memory as emulated External memory.

### Camera parameters
Camera capabilities may show incorrect information if the manufacturer encoded the wrong values into the Android profile of the device.
